# A Lot and Nothing Changed

For this update, we change **a lot** of the fundamental design choices from the start. We re-implemented every combinator and parser to use streams instead of working on raw strings. The reason is that using a stream enhances the speed of the parsers as well as consume less memory. But these arguments isn't what made us choose streams over strings, no it's because of the vast amount of support with give to developers who want to parse directly from a file, network socket or anything else! C# provide streams for almost everything you would want.

That's why we now provide an alternative input to our parsers for streams. Stream provides a generic interface to the types of input and output, and isolate the programmer from the specific details of the operating system and the underlying devices.

## What changed?

The way parsers work has been changed. So if you were using the generic parsers to build your own combinators, there might be some new caveats that you need to take into account when building from now on. The parser builder that is returned by every combinator will now take in a `StreamReader` instead of a string. If you have built predictive parsers until now, you'll probably won't need to change that much as you have almost the same tools as before.

## What did not change?

Your developing experience, the APC you know and love is still intact. We have just optimized all logic behind the scenes for you, so your code will run a lot faster and smoother. If you was using the old `.Parse(string)` method, the code will compile just as normal.

